Add configuration documentation for the Logging component (#4599)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/logging/05-01-logging.md

---
title: Logging chart
type: Configuration
---

To configure the Logging chart, override the default values of its `values.yaml` file. This document describes parameters that you can configure.

>**TIP:** To learn more about how to use overrides in Kyma, see the following documents:
>* [Helm overrides for Kyma installation](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation)
>* [Top-level charts overrides](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation-top-level-charts-overrides)

## Configurable parameters

This table lists the configurable parameters, their descriptions, and default values:

| Parameter | Description | Default value |
|-----------|-------------|---------------|
| **persistence.enabled** | Specifies whether you store logs on a persistent volume instead of a volatile mounted volume. | `true` |
| **persistence.size** | Defines the size of the persistent volume. | `10Gi` |

> | **config.auth_enabled** | Specifies the authentication mechanism you use to access the logging service. Set it to `false` to use Dex authentication or to `true` to use the basic HTTP authentication instead.  | `false` |

Reviewer: would be much better if we say `use built in istio authentication/authorization` instead of saying `use Dex authentication`

> | **config.auth_enabled** | Specifies the authentication mechanism you use to access the logging service. Set it to `false` to use Dex authentication or to `true` to use the basic HTTP authentication instead.  | `false` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **config.auth_enabled** | Specifies the authentication mechanism you use to access the logging service. Set it to `false` to use built-in Istio authentication, or to `true` to use the basic HTTP authentication instead.  | `false` |
```
